docs: add third-party storage docs (#728)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/backup-restore.md

A backup target must be set up. For more information, see [Configure Backup Target](#configure-backup-target). If the backup target has not been set, you’ll be prompted with a message to do so.

> The backup only supports the Longhorn v1 Data Engine. If the VM contains any volume from the third-party storage provider, the backup feature will be blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backup only works with the Longhorn v1 Data Engine. If the VM contains any volume from the third-party storage provider, the backup feature will be blocked.
```
